---
title: Just get an iPhone or a Pixel
layout: post
---

So you want to get a new phone. Large high res displays, high end processors, almost limitless cloud storage, gigs of ram, etc... Even "mid-range" phones are great today. Manufacturers are doing great work by offering up amazing hardware. A word for the wise, though:

> It's not worth it.

Ok, at this point you may very well be wondering: "Why are you quoting yourself?" and "What in the world are you talking about?". 

In a nutshell I am saying that if you buy any phone right now other than an iPhone or a Google Pixel, you are not going to receive system updates of which 90% have almost nothing to do with new features and everything to do with security critical issues.

No matter how amazing smartphone "x" or "y" may or may not be, if it doesn't get direct updates from Google or Apple, then just *don't buy it*. It is really that simple. We have so much sensitive information on our cell phones that puts us at tremendous risk. Identity theft costs people millions of dollars each year. Our medical information is of its nature private. Our ideas, business transactions, etc... are confidential. Lastly, our banking and investment information is just a click away from putting us in serious trouble financially.

Next time your mom, brother, sister, friend or coworker asks you for advice on what phone to get, tell them: "An iPhone or Google Pixel". Period. 

Buying a phone that doesn't receive the latest security updates is *very bad for security and not worth the risk*